docs: fix code snippets for expo tutorial (#20766)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-expo-react-native.mdx

> You will need a file picker that works on the environment you will build the project for, we will use react-native-document-picker in this example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need a file picker that works on the environment you will build the project for, we will use expo-document-picker in this example.
```
